[WIP] Docs: how to setup commercetools (#6072)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/commercetools/setup-store.md

### Products categories

After setting up basic configuration you need to provide categories. They are main structures to organize the products in groups and make them easy to search for the customer. See [this guide](https://docs.commercetools.com/tutorials/product-modeling/categories#top) to know more about categorizing items in your store.
In order to create category you need to take few steps:

- first choose name, and category order to decide what will be shown first
  <center>
    <img src="../images/setup-store/create-category-0.png" alt="Commercetools create category first step" />
  </center>
- select the parent category to which it belongs
  <center>
    <img src="../images/setup-store/create-category-1.png" alt="Commercetools create category second step" />
  </center>
- write down the slug (short url for the category)
  <center>
    <img src="../images/setup-store/create-category-2.png" alt="Commercetools create category third step" />
  </center>

Please provide category structure with at least two levels, in order to show category page properly (one is on top, inside main menu and second level categories are shown in menu on the left).

### Product catalog

> Finally you need to add products and assign them to proper category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> To create any product in commercetools, at least one product type need to be set. It is the sort of template with certain attributes which is used as a base for the product.
> Creating a product type involves:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create any product in commercetools, at least one product type needs to be set. It is a template with specific attributes used as a base for the product. Creating a product type involves:
```

> - provide name and description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter name and description.
```

  <center>
    <img src="../images/setup-store/product-type-1.png" alt="Commercetools create product type first step" />
  </center>

> - click 'add attribute' and fill name, label, constraints, and type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the 'Add an attribute' button and enter the name, label, constraints, and type fields.
```

  <center>
    <img src="../images/setup-store/product-type-2.png" alt="Commercetools create product type first step" />
  </center>

> 
> This will let you add product with certain characteristic like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Adding a new product

After creating at least one product type, you can add a new product to the catalog.
```

> - click add product and select the type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the `Products` page. Click the `Add product` button and select the type.
```

  <center>
    <img src="../images/setup-store/add-product-1.png" alt="Commercetools add product first step" />
  </center>

> - next type the name and assign tax category (which we previously set)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2. Type the name and assign the tax category.
```

  <center>
    <img src="../images/setup-store/add-product-2.png" alt="Commercetools add product second step" />
  </center>

> - add at least one variant of the product with attribute and SKU number

Reviewer: ```suggestion

3. Add at least one variant of the product with attribute and SKU number.
```

  <center>
    <img src="../images/setup-store/variant.png" alt="Commercetools add product third step - choose variant" />
  </center>

> - in final step you can provide slug, keywords and meta data to optimize searching

Reviewer: ```suggestion

4. Enter a slug, keywords, and metadata to optimize searching.
```

  <center>
    <img src="../images/setup-store/add-product-3.png" alt="Commercetools add product fourth step - SEO" />
  </center>

> Adding few products with at least two level deep categories hierarchy will be enough to create basic VSF Next store implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### API settings

The Last important step is to generate credentials for your project to connect both tools.
Go to the developer settings and click 'Create new API client' button and choose manage -> Project scope, but please keep in mind that it use entire API for the project, so it is not recommended for production use. In that case, select only scopes that are needed.

<center>
  <img src="../images/setup-store/api-client-1.png" alt="Commercetools set scope for client API" />
</center>

If you need more information about scopes please see [documentation](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/scopes).
When you click on create API you will see all the credentials. They are only displayed once, so you need to store them sacurely. You can download them in the format you need.

<center>
  <img src="../images/setup-store/api-client-2.png" alt="Commercetools client API credentials" />
</center>

Now let's move to front-end side.

> ## Vuestorefront settings
> 
> ## Configuring your Commercetools integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring commercetools integration in Vue Storefront
```

All generated credentials should be used in `middleware.config.js` in `ct` config object inside `integrations`:

```js
    ct: {
      location: '@vue-storefront/commercetools-api/server',
      configuration: {
        api: {
          uri: 'https://<SHOP_DOMAIN>.com/vsf-ct-dev/graphql',
          authHost: 'https://auth.sphere.io',
          projectKey: 'vsf-ct-dev',
          clientId: '<CLIENT_ID>',
          clientSecret: '<CLIENT_SECRET>',
          scopes: [
            //* scopes */
          ]
        },
        currency: 'USD',
        country: 'US'
      }
    }
```

> There is plenty of other configuration options and you can check them [here](./configuration.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about available configuration options refer to the [Configuration](./configuration.md) page.
```

You can see your categories in `categories search` menu:
  <center>
    <img src="./images/setup-store/categories-search.png" alt="Commercetools create product type first step" class="image-shadow preview-view" />
  </center>

## Adding a new product type

To create any product in commercetools, at least one product type needs to be set. It is a template with specific attributes for products of the same type. You can read more about them on the [Modeling Product Types and Attributes](https://docs.commercetools.com/tutorials/product-modeling/product-types) page. Creating a product type involves changes in `Product types` menu:

  <center>
    <img src="./images/setup-store/product-types-sidebar-signed.png" alt="Commercetools create product type first step" class="image-shadow" />
  </center>

1. Enter name and description.

  <center>
    <img src="./images/setup-store/product-type-1.png" alt="Commercetools create product type first step" class="image-shadow preview-view" />
  </center>

> 2. Click the 'Add an attribute' button and enter the name, label, constraints, and type fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click the `Add an attribute` button and enter the name, label, constraints, and type fields.
```
Maybe use code-styling for thinks like that, just like you did in some other places?

Author: Of course
